The Odin Project Curriculum Contributing Guide: Fix "How to Contribute" wording (#30343)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: CONTRIBUTING.md

> There are 2 main ways you can contribute to our curriculum:

Reviewer: Actually on second thought, these two options aren't quite the same as the ones in the general contributing guide. The general guide talks about simple vs complex changes (simple can go straight to PR, complex must go issue->assigned->PR) whereas this one is talking about the ways to make edits and open a PR.

In addition to the change you've made, I think the opening wording can be expanded to be even clearer. Wording suggestion below:

```suggestion
Please refer to our [general contributing guide](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on the difference between simple and significant changes, and the expected process for handling each.

When it comes to opening a pull request (PR) to our curriculum, there are 2 main ways you can do so:
```

> 1. If you just want to make a simple change, you can click the "Improve this lesson on GitHub" link found at the end of each lesson. This will open the lesson file in its "edit" mode, allowing you to make any edits and submit a pull request (PR) all through GitHub.

Reviewer: Just to accommodate the introduction of "PR" in the change in the previous review comment
```suggestion
1. If you just want to make a simple change, you can click the "Improve this lesson on GitHub" link found at the end of each lesson. This will open the lesson file in its "edit" mode, allowing you to make any edits and submit a PR all through GitHub.
```
